I want you to do these following tasks for me:

1. I want you to replace the 'Login / Sign up' nav element in every page if the user is already logged in.
2. I want the logo in the navbar to return me to the home page in every page that contains this logo.
3. When logged in with another acc, and i do a reservation with a different email, if i press (show my events), i get redirected to the dashboard of the wrong user. (I should prevent the user from doing areservation without being logged in).

IMPORTANT FOR LATER: 4. In the accessories page, Dr wants me to make the accessories pressable so the customer can observe the item and its pics and details (color, weight, can endure what weight, etc..).

Note: even when im logged in for example mohamadharouki2@gmail.com, if i do a reservation but with another gmail, for example awd@gmail.com, the reservation is saved in the dashboard of awd@gmail.com acc, not mohamadharouki2@gmail.com.

IMPORTANT: create pages in admin panel:

1. edit-event (for user after the event gets approved) (USER SIDE NOT ADMIN)
2. user-details.php (just recheck "view user's events" button in the page)
3. edit-admin.php
4. settings.php
5. add-user.php (admin adds a user) (if possible make it a collapsable form such as the add accessory and add admin (show/hide form))

6. OPTIONAL: delete-user.php (if i want an admin to delete a user's account).

These are the pages for now.

NOTE: maybe i want the user to be connected to the reservation in the database, for example when i delete a user, also his reservations should be deleted. (maybe foreign key stuff)

{
ADDITIONAL STUFF TO DO IN FREE TIME

1. IF I HAVE free time, make a page only accessible by the super admin, to see the admin logs activities from the database
2. SUBMITTING A REVIEW IS NOT SENDING IT TO THE DATABASE PLEASE CHECK
3. is there anyway that the "contact organizer" message is shown in the admin panel and not only in the database?
   }

to push to github:

1. git add .
2. git commit -m "message"
3. git push -u origin master
