I want to do these following tasks for me:

1. I want to replace the 'Login / Sign up' nav element in every page if the user is already logged in.
2. For later: The 'admin_notes' when an admin cancels an event, I want this note to show in a page in the user's dashboard that is maybe a 'notification page'.

IMPORTANT FOR LATER: In the accessories page, Dr wants me to make the accessories pressable so the customer can observe the item and its pics and details (color, weight, can endure what weight, etc..).

{
IMPORTANT: create pages in admin panel:

1. user-details.php (in "view user's events", all events time is 12:00Am, so add a field for the reservations which is what hour they want their event).
2. edit-admin.php
3. settings.php (FOR NOW I REMOVED THIS PAGE FROM THE WIREFRAMES) (OPTIONAL)
4. OPTIONAL: delete-user.php (if i want an admin to delete a user's account)
   NOTE: maybe i want the user to be connected to the reservation in the database, for example when i delete a user, also his reservations should be deleted. (maybe foreign key stuff)

IMPORTANT: create pages in user website:

1. edit-event.php in the dashboard section
2. Later on: A notifications page that the user can see for example if an admin cancels his event (show the message).
   or if the event becomes past/completed event (show a message that the event is completed)
   }

{
ADDITIONAL STUFF TO DO IN FREE TIME

1. user-events (search bar is not working because of database issues).
2. IMPORTANT: make a page only accessible by the super admin, to see the admin logs activities from the database.
3. SUBMITTING A REVIEW IS NOT SENDING IT TO THE DATABASE PLEASE CHECK.
4. is there anyway that the "contact organizer" message is shown in the admin panel and not only in the database?
5. The "Venue" field when empty is returning 0 value instead of Null, even tho its varchar, please check it.
   }

NOTE: When an event is for example is in today's date, and today is already here, the event status doesn't change to past/completed. So admin should do it manually.

to push to github:

1. git add .
2. git commit -m "message"
3. git push -u origin master
